feat: Custom Applications multiple permissions (#2799)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/application-config.mdx

## `oAuthScopes.view`

> A list of "view-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated with the `View` permission.

Reviewer: I would prefer the documentation changes to be defined in a separate PR. Main reason being that merging this PR will publish the docs changes but the packages are not being released yet.

So the docs changes can be merged separately once the packages have been released.

Can you extract these docs changes into a separate PR? Thanks 🙂

</Info>

## `additionalOAuthScopes`

The configuration for [additional OAuth Scopes and user permissions](/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions#additional-oauth-scopes) extending [oAuthScopes configuration](#oauthscopes).

## `additionalOAuthScopes.name`

A name used to build the permission keys based on the default permissions pair. 

## `additionalOAuthScopes.view`

> A list of "view-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated to the `View` permission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of "view-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated with the additionalOAuthScopes `View` permission.
```

```json
{
  "additionalOAuthScopes": [
    {
      "name": "movies",
      "view": ["view_products"],
      "manage": []
    },
    {
      "name": "merch",
      "view": ["view_channels"],
      "manage": []
    }
  ]
}
```

## `additionalOAuthScopes.manage`

> A list of "manage-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated with the `Manage` permission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of "manage-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated with the additionalOAuthScopes `Manage` permission.
```

</Info>

## `additionalOAuthScopes`

> The configuration for additional OAuth Scopes and user permissions extending [oAuthScopes configuration](#oauthscopes).

Reviewer 3: I'm missing some more context about what this field enables Custom Application developers to achieve.
Perhaps that's something to include in the [OAuth Scopes and user permissions](https://docs.commercetools.com/custom-applications/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions) page.

Also, maybe it's worthy to add a new release note explaining this new feature.

Author: Adding some explanation in the [OAuth Scopes and user permissions](https://docs.commercetools.com/custom-applications/concepts/oauth-scopes-and-user-permissions) page is a very good point 👍

## `additionalOAuthScopes.name`

A name used to build the permission keys based on the default permissions pair. 

## `additionalOAuthScopes.view`

A list of "view-only" [OAuth Scopes](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes) required by the Custom Application and associated to the `View` permission.

The following configuration:

```json
{
  "additionalOAuthScopes": [
    {
      "name": "movies",
      "view": ["view_products"],
      "manage": []
    },
    {
      "name": "merch",
      "view": ["view_channels"],
      "manage": []
    }
  ]
}
```

allows to send the additional permission information as claims scoped to each permission group:

```
view/movies:view_products view/merch:view_channels

> ```

Reviewer 3: nit: I would omit this part since is talking about something more internal and may confuse our users.
